Hey, hey!
You gals on your way back from
school? I've got great low prices.
Take a look! These deals are today only.
I was wondering what you wanted...
But "I've always dreamed of shopping for
cute trinkets with a friend after school"?
So mean! Why would you say that?
For one thing, we're not friends.
What? The daggers?
Yeah. They're so pretty.
You want one?
Yeah.
And Megumin picked it out for you? Wow.
Yeah! She said this one was better!
Don't get the wrong idea!
You were taking way too long
to make up your mind,
so I simply pointed at the
one I thought was the best!
What is with you today? Honestly!
Now, Yunyun...
I bet you're going to say,
"Time for another duel!" again today.
Well, I've thought up a delightful game!
Take your precious dagger,
and stab between my fingers as many
times and as quickly as possible!
What?!
Go on! Get to it!
Ready, go!
One... two...
Whoa! H-Hang on! Just hold on a sec!
I can't do this! No way!
What's the matter?
If you can't stab between every
finger before I count to ten,
you'll have lost, Yunyun!
Five... six... seven...
I don't care, then!
Let's just say I lost today! Again!
I'll give you my lunch, too!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Episode 2: The Magic Academy's Taboo
I'm home!
Welcome home, Sis!
Oh, my! You're covered in dirt.
I thought you were supposed
to watch the house.
Were you playing outside again?
Yep! I beat up the newspaper guy,
and then I went and played.
Another victory? As befits my little sister.
I found a toy, too,
so I've been playing with it!
You wanna try?
A toy?
Something on you smells good, Sis!
Ah, as perceptive as ever, little sister.
I brought you something.
An offering to the magical deity:
a lamb sandwich!
Now, feast until your stomach bursts!
Wow! I feel like the Devil King himself!
Let's save the dinner I
caught for tomorrow, then.
You caught something?
Yep! A big one.
Such familial piety!
Well done, Komekko.
Hang on a sec!
I wonder what she caught.
Cicadas? Or crickets, perhaps?
Beetles are a little earthy for my liking,
but that can be fixed with deep-frying.
That's...
Look! A fierce ebon beast that I
felled after a battle to the death!
Well, you certainly did catch a big one.
Yep! I worked hard!
It fought back at first,
but it settled down after I bit it!
I'm glad you won the battle, but you really
shouldn't go around biting things randomly.
I shouldn't?
Want some?
I'm full, so you can have it all.
More importantly, will you
relinquish this furball to me?
Okay!
Well, now, what am I going to do with you?
Megumin...
M-Megumin!
Good morning. What's that
concerned look for?
Where'd she come from?
She's my familiar.
A familiar?!
I thought wizards with familiars
were strictly a fairy tale thing!
Look! It's making such an
adorable, but impudent face!
It's terrifying! A perfect innocent-kitty act
to hide her intention to steal
our lunches for her mistress!
I hate to do it! But here's my lunch...
That should make feeding
her a lot more affordable.
This level of popularity, though...
Maybe she has some kind of charm magic?
She's so fluffy...
So, did you name her yet?
Not yet, no.
Familiar or not, are you sure it was
a good idea to bring her to school?
My home environment poses some threats
that make me uncomfortable
leaving her there alone.
Wait, what threats?
She's so cute... but will
our teacher say it's okay?
Denied.
Sir, this cat is my familiar,
who feeds off of my magical power!
If we're separated,
she'll die in short order.
Denied. You can't even use magic,
and you're claiming to have a familiar?
The school's rules say no
familiars and no snacks.
Go on, take it back to where you found it.
Sir! You are looking at a
fragmented aspect of my soul,
the incarnation of my dark side!
We cannot be separated!
What? A fragmented aspect of your soul?
Not only that, but if we're separated,
she'll go berserk, grow gigantic, and—
All right, I'll allow it!
Yes, she'll unleash a mysterious
dark matter on the—
Wait, really?
That one sounded pretty good, after all.
Megumin, you get ten points!
Besides, I've got a feeling this
will be good, so I'll allow it.
Well, thank you very much.
Now that we've settled this familiar
matter, let's begin class...
is what I'd normally say, but today's
lesson will be a little special.
A special lesson?
The seal on one of our
village's tourist attractions,
the tomb of the Dark God, is weakening.
This has caused the monsters in
the area to become more active.
Simmer down, now!
The village's unemployed...
I mean, our brave and otherwise
unoccupied residents
have dealt with the dangerous monsters.
Any that are left will be on the weak side.
Which is why...
You will all take part in the traditional
Crimson Demon augmentation surge,
in order to raise your levels quickly!
I expect to see you all in
the courtyard in 30 minutes!
Figure out your groups
beforehand, also! That is all!
I guess we've gotta make groups...
With only 30 minutes to figure
it out? Better be quick.
What is it?
W-Well.... it's a group
activity, apparently...
And what of it?
Well... you see...
Megumin, if you don't have a partner,
would you care to join me?
That's fine.
Good grief... Yunyun, this time—
Hey, Yunyun! Wanna be in our group?
You're usually left out. You should join us.
A-Are you sure?
Of course. You're our classmate, right?
So we're basically friends.
F-Friends?!
Come on, let's go.
Sure!
So this...
is cuckolding.
That's not what it is!
All right, time for the
special lesson to begin.
If you don't have your own
weapon, use one of these.
We Crimson Demons can use our magical power
to temporarily amplify our body's strength!
As long as you focus your mind,
this ability should come naturally.
You go first, Arue.
Magical power within...
travel the paths of my blood,
and grant my limbs great strength!
Wow!
S-Sir! These are all hollow,
and really light.
Minus five points, Yunyun.
We will now perform the
Crimson Demon secret rite,
the augmentation surge.
Freeze Bind!
All right, now slay this thing.
Augmentation surge?
And it's just... beating a
monster that's held in place?
It's on the verge of dying thanks
to my magic anyway. Relax!
Now, who will be the champion to claim
victory over this abominable monster?!
The first blow should be struck
by the most prodigious.
Consider it done!
Megumin!
That's the spirit. No wonder
you're top of the class.
All right, I need to prepare
the rest of the ritual,
so make sure to boost those levels.
H-Hey... Are you really going to do this?
As sad as it makes me,
this is our fate as Crimson Demons,
whose lives are a battlefield.
Being able to level up just by
finishing off a near-dead monster...
Easy!
Now, servant of great evil.
Open your ears to my requiem,
and fall into eternal slumber!
W-Wait! It's not weakened at all!
Damn you! Insolent cold-blooded fiend!
Hear the primal cry of my physical verbiage!
I-I win!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Y-Yunyun, hurry up and do it!
We need to finish here and
move on to the next one!
B-But... it looked me right in the eye...
You're the second-ranked honor
student! Show us how it's done!
S-Sorry, I just can't!
What?!
We're Crimson Demons!
We're way more fierce than that!
It should be easy to finish
off an immobilized monster!
Are you really having so much
trouble with that small fry?
Go on! Claim the doe-eyed
sacrifice before you!
Why are you so strong?!
Q-Quit it! No! No!
We are the ruthless Crimson Demons.
Felling a monster that can't
flee should be child's play!
I'm sorry! I'm really sorry, so please stop!
It keeps going, "Kew!"
Better to end it quickly, then!
I'm sorry!
Megumin! You're making Dodonko cry!
What was that?! What was that?!
So a gargoyle is free...
Another sign of the Dark God's
impending release?
What is a dangerous monster
like that doing here?!
Most likely, one of the
petrified ornaments got loose.
What exactly is a petrified ornament?!
The hot new hobby among some
of the adults, apparently.
Now that you mention it...
Why can't those people ever
do anything helpful?!
Burning Flash!
Wh-What was that?
Hey! I thought I finally heard
a familiar voice. It's Megumin!
B-Bukkorori?!
Wait, who is this?
I think he's...
Are you girls friends with Megumin?
I am called Bukkorori!
Arch wizard, and wielder of advanced magic!
The son of the foremost cobbler
among the Crimson Demons,
and he who shall inherit the shoe shop!
So, would you girls mind
hauling me out of here?
I'm more curious about what you're doing in
the middle of the woods, and also, in a hole.
It's all for Soketto.
Soketto, as in the foremost
Crimson Demon beauty?
Right. And Bukkorori here is,
er... Soketto's stalker.
I'm not a stalker!
I'm just honest about my love.
Yes, it was for that very love
that I dug this pitfall.
Soketto comes to this forest
every day, by herself, to train.
She's beautiful, cute, and strong, too?!
You're cheating, Soketto, my dear!
Now, she prefers to use
lightning attack magic,
which tends to leave you blinded
right after the flash, right?
Which means it'd be perfectly natural
for her to fall into a hole that I dug
without even realizing it!
She can't use Teleport yet, after all.
I'm sure she'll be stuck, with no way out.
Which is when I arrive to save her!
It was a lot of work to get it
to just the right depth, y'know.
See?
Just within arm's reach, right?
Ew!
Anyway, I forgot that I can't use
Teleport yet either, and so here I am.
Now, girls, please pull me to freedom!
That's just plain creepy.
Unbelievable...
Gross.
B-But why?!
I just wanted a legitimate
way to hold Soketto's hand!
If only you could redo your
life from the fetal stage.
From a fetus?!
This is a fine place for a landfill.
Whoa, hang on! Don't leave me!
Help me out of here, at least!
Aw, come on! Please! Hey!
O-Oh, no! The village!
What's everyone doing?!
No way!
Light of Saber!
Prized students of our academy...
Teacher!
You girls all right?
W-We are!
But the village... There's a horde
of gargoyles attacking the village!
If this keeps up...
Right...
Who could have predicted my ornamental
gargoyles causing this disaster?
Is this the curse of the crimson eyes?
Or perhaps judgment
delivered to man in his arrogance?
My dear students, worry not.
Before you stands the battle-hardened
Lord of the Red Prison!
And it is not only us who head
into this dance of death!
I am called Chekera!
Arch wizard and owner of the foremost
clothing store among the Crimson Demons!
I am called Shikobei!
Arch wizard and the foremost fisherman
among the Crimson Demons!
I am called Chakamiya!
Arch wizard and owner of the foremost
bakery among the Crimson Demons!
I am called Torosuke!
Arch wizard and owner of the foremost
café among Crimson Demons!
The time has come to pool
our collective power!
Light of Saber!
King of the storm! The time has come
to display your despotic grandeur!
Inferno!
Infernal flames that consume creation!
Scorch the foes before me into oblivion!
Energy Ignition!
W-Wow!
They're blowing those gargoyles
away as if they were ants!
All who stand in defiance of the
crimson eyes are reduced to cinders!
That's advanced magic...
We'll be learning amazing magic like
that before we graduate, won't we?
It's true that these spells
are all impressive.
Devastatingly so. And yet...
This isn't it. It's not what I want!
Heat that burns your skin,
a shock wave that leaves you trembling,
the scent of blasted earth...
Glaring light that stabs the eyes,
and the painful smoke!
Compared to the magic she used...
This is completely different,
compared to explosion magic!
Tornado!
Earth Shaker!
Call of Thunderstorm!
H-Huh?
My family's pub... is on fire?
Crimson Laser!
Laser! Laser! Laser! Laser!
Whoa, hold up!
Uh, teachers? Stop!
You've done enough!
Dimension Hell Break!
Burn, burn! The bonfire of
celebration is at hand!
Our beautiful village...
After surviving for countless
eons, the final paradise...
our utopia, once called the
treasure of Dragon's Peak...
has been reduced to this!
This... was our storefront decoration...
A pox upon the Dark God!
It's trampled our peaceful, modest lives!
Uh, I'm pretty sure you all were
the ones mostly responsible...
At the hands of wicked creatures,
the sky has been dyed red,
the earth has been rent asunder,
and the water has turned foul.
But our Crimson Demon blood cannot
be allowed to die out here!
This is a trial we must overcome!
Headmaster...
It's pretty impressive that they were able
to rebuild the village after
a single day, huh, Megumin?
But the headmaster and the others
got chewed out by the parental association
after what happened, Megumin!
Of course they did! My mom was complaining
about having to do overnight repairs.
Is that really the problem?
Lack of sleep is worse for your
skin than gargoyles, huh, Megumin?
Hold on one minute here.
Why is this black furball
being called Megumin?
Well, she's your familiar,
and a fragment of your soul, right?
And since she doesn't have a name,
it makes sense to call her Megumin.
Right, Megumin?
Please cut that out! Seriously, stop!
What's with you?
Did your alter ego end up taking your
intellect and reason along with your charm?
Isn't she awful, Megumin?
Next Episode Preview
Episode 3: "Guardians of the Crimson Demon Village"
Big trouble, Megumin!
That alum, Bukkorori, is being weird
and asking for romantic advice!
Wow, a completely worthless NEET putting
his creepiness on full display!
That's harsh! Isn't he
like your big brother?
I've never once considered
that thing to be my brother.
So mean! N-Next time,
we'll be at your school with an...
Explosion!